add docs for branching for release (#132)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/operations/BranchingAndRelease.md

# Branching Tasks

We are aiming to ship YARP previews aligned with .NET 5, since we are working on changes to the runtime that will improve the experience for YARP. As part of that, our schedule for a preview milestone has three phases:

1. Open development and receiving new builds of .NET 5 - Commits are going to `master` and new builds of .NET 5 are coming regularly

> 2. Open development, .NET 5 builds frozen - After .NET 5 branches for a release, we will switch `master` to receive builds from that branch. Our development will continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open development, .NET 5 builds frozen - .NET 5 branches about a month before release, so after they branch we will switch `master` to receive builds from that release branch. Our development will continue until approximately a week before release.
```

3. Branch and prepare for release - Prior to the release date, we'll branch and prepare for release.

## Prerequisites

* Properly configured `darc` global tool:
    1. Run `.\eng\common\darc-init.ps1` to install the global tool. 
    2. Once installed, run `darc authenticate` and follow the instructions in the file opened in your editor to set up the necessary access tokens
    3. Save and close the file, and `darc` will be ready to go.

## When .NET 5 branches for a preview

When .NET 5 branches for a preview, we need to switch the "channel" from which we are getting builds. See [Dependency Flow Onboarding](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/master/Documentation/DependencyFlowOnboarding.md) for more information on channels.

To do this, run the following commands:

1. Run `darc get-subscriptions --target-repo microsoft/reverse-proxy --source-repo dotnet/runtime` to get the subscription from `dotnet/runtime` to `microsoft/reverse-proxy`
2. Copy the `Id` value
3. Run `darc update-subscription --id [Id]`. An editor will open.

> 4. Change the value of the `Channel` field to `.NET 5 Preview X` (where `X` is the preview we are remaining on)

Reviewer 2: Why not keep master on the "Dev"/"Latest" channel and only have release branches subscribe to "Preview X" channels for a specific .NET 5 preview?

Author: That's basically the alternate proposal. We always have `master` on `.NET 5 Dev` and only switch `release/1.0.0-previewX` builds to `.NET 5 Preview Y`. The problem is that means we have to branch when .NET 5 branches which can be up to 4 weeks before release. We could continue to develop during that time, but we have to swich PRs to the `release/1.0.0-previewX` branch.

Reviewer 2: > The problem is that means we have to branch when .NET 5 branches which can be up to 4 weeks before release. We could continue to develop during that time, but we have to swich PRs to the release/1.0.0-previewX branch.

What about auto-merging master into the pending release branches? I imagine most commits are not going to be using new runtime APIs, and those that are could be skipped when we see a merge PR fails because of a compilation error. That way we can continue working in master without our release branches getting too stale.

Reviewer: Auto-merging forward might make sense, but merging backwards from master to release seems problematic.

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer to keep development in master as much as possible though. I get the current proposal is one way of achieving that, but not having the latest runtime in master is also annoying.

What's so bad about merging backwards? I doubt the branches will diverge much. We could not merge backwards if we're okay with staler releases, but I prefer merging so people can more easily try out the latest stuff.

Reviewer: Code developed on old dependencies is more likely to work on new ones than the other way around. You're right that there's only a few weeks involved so the underlying system shouldn't diverge too much, but that also means the value of moving the the latest runtime dependencies is minimal.

As a rule we should dev and test against the dependencies we plan to ship with, not later ones. @anurse's proposal seems like the simplest way to do that.

Then, set up dependency flow so we continue getting new runtime bits if necessary:

1. Run `darc add-subscription`
2. Fill in the template that opens in your editor as follows:
    * `Channel` = `.NET 5 Preview X` where `X` is the .NET 5 preview that matches the YARP preview
    * `Source Repository URL` = `https://github.com/dotnet/runtime`
    * `Target Repository URL` = `https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy`
    * `Target Branch` = `release/1.0.0-previewX` (where `X` is the YARP preview number; this should be the same as the branch you created above)
    * `Update Frequency` = `everyBuild` (Builds will be rare in this channel and we'll want every one)
    * `Merge Policies` is a multiline value, it should look like this:

```
Merge Policies:
- Name: Standard
  Properties: {}
```

3. Save and close the editor window.

Finally, restore the `master` branch to pulling the latest bits from .NET 5:

1. Run `darc get-subscriptions --target-repo microsoft/reverse-proxy --source-repo dotnet/runtime` to get the subscription from `dotnet/runtime` to `microsoft/reverse-proxy`
2. Copy the `Id` value
3. Run `darc update-subscription --id [Id]`. An editor will open.

> 4. Change the value of the `Channel` field to `.NET 5 Dev`

Reviewer 2: darc is showing that me we're subscribed to the ".NET Eng - Latest" channel? Is it supposed to be ".NET 5 Dev"? What's the difference?

```
> darc get-subscriptions --source-repo arcade --target-repo reverse-proxy
https://github.com/dotnet/arcade (.NET Eng - Latest) ==> 'https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy' ('master')
...
```

Author: For arcade that's correct. For `dotnet/runtime` it's `.NET 5 Dev`. The arcade repo publishes to a different channel because it's tools, not product code.
